# Jugger Copenhagen homepage


## Styling

The styling is defined in four CSS files in the /static folder. They are included in the /layouts/partials/head/stylesheets.html. 

- `static/main.css` includes all CSS that is shared across the website. 
- `static/home.css` is specific for the homepage, which differs significantly from the normal content pages.
- `static/header.css` includes all markup for the navigation bar and banners. This is also shared across the website, but separated for simplicity.
- `static/footer.css` speaks for itself.

## Global TODO

- Add SEO information to website.
- Check accessibility.

## Pages

### Homepage

The homepage consists of the following elements:

1. Large banner image and logo.
2. Main content in the form of text.
3. Image carousel / show case.
4. News
5. Calendar

#### Navigation bar

This is auto-generated by Hugo based on the top-level directories in /content. The menu turns into a hamburger menu for screen smaller than 1200px wide.

The "Home of Skøll" header is simply three spans with custom markup. The content is defined in `layouts/index.html`.

#### Banner and Logo

The banner image is located in `static/home/banner.jpg`. The logo is `static/logo.png`.

#### Main content

The main content is the textual article that is defined in `content/_index.md`. Hugo also takes the 'title' and 'subtitle' parameters from this article. Title is copied to the HTML `<title>` tag and both are rendered in the text as headings.

#### Show Case

The show case presents images that are in the `static/gallery` directory. Hugo renders this automatically. Styling is done in `home.css`. Hugo automatically sets each image's alt text to its file name.

A small script automatically scrolls a fixed amount on page load to show the center image. This may have to be adjusted if you have more/fewer images. The script is defined in `layouts/partials/head/meta.html`

#### News

The news section shows the date and title of the latest 10 articles in `content/news/`.

#### Events

This element shows the Jugger calendar. It uses the [FullCalendar](https://fullcalendar.io/) framework to give a cleaner look and enable custom CSS (by overrriding their proerties). The view is read-only.

TODO: Link the calendar to the Jugger Copenhagen GCal.

#### TODO

- Replace the skull icon with something of our own (rights). The file can be found in static/logos/
- Link the FullCalendar to our Google Calendar.
- Write documentation on how to update elements on home page.
- Automatically download and display pictures from a public Drive folder.

## Tournaments

### TODO

[ ] Automatically populate the tournaments page based on event date and title. Create a shortcode to do this.
 
## Hugo

Nothing is ever easy, so we already need some hacking to make Hugo (static asset URLs) work with GitHub pages. Now using the "relativeURLs" option for Hugo and providing the relative URL in each link.

## SEO

### Hugo resources

- [Hugo SEO Best Practices](https://cloudcannon.com/tutorials/hugo-seo-best-practices/)

# How to install and run

install hugo -> https://gohugo.io/installation/macos/
 (e.g., `$ brew install hugo`)

build with hugo -> `$ hugo`

test run -> `$ hugo server`